## Selection paramters

When you don't specify any parameter then all the tests in `cypress/integration/features` will run. However, if tests marked with `@skip` will be skipped. If you have marked some tests `@only` then all the remaining tests will be skipped.

### --spec

Filtering the tests at file level.

Run all files
```bash
$ npx cytorus run
```

Run particular file
```bash
$ npx cytorus run --spec "cypress/integration/features/google.feature"
```

Run files with matching pattern
```bash
$ npx cytorus run --spec "cypress/integration/features/google*.feature"
```

Run all `.feature` files in current folder
```bash
$ npx cytorus run --spec "cypress/integration/features/*.feature"
```

Run all `.feature` files in current and nested folder
```bash
$ npx cytorus run --spec "cypress/integration/features/**/*.feature"
```

## --tags

To select tests based on the tags at feature, scenario, or examples level
```bash
$ npx cytorus run --tags "@all but not @wip"
```

You can mix it with `--spec` to apply on selected files.

## --only

To run the tests from their position in a feature file. It'll run the given tests, even if they're marked as `@skip`

```bash
$ npx cytorus run --only "1,3,4.2" --spec "cypress/integration/features/google.feature"
```

You can't combine it with `--tags` or `--skip` filters.

### --only vs @only

`@only` is not a filter. It is an annotation. Tests marked with `@only` are counted in test result if they fall in your selection.

Whereas `--only` is a filter. Suppose, you select 3 scenarios using `--only` where 1 tag out of 3 has `@only` then only 1 test will run. And rest 2 tags will be skipped.

## --skip

This is opposite to `--only`.  It is hepful when you want to run all the tests of current selection but want to skip a few.

```bash
$ npx cytorus run --skip "1,3,4.2" --spec "cypress/integration/features/google.feature"
```

You can't combine it with `--tags` or `--only` filters.

### --skip vs @skip

`@skip` is not a filter. It is an annotation. Tests marked with `@skip` are counted in test result if they fall in your selection.

Whereas `--skip` is a filter. It filters out the selected tests.

`@only`: Use this to run particular tests from a feature file. This tag has the most priority. Suppose, you run tests for `@some` where all the selec

## --story

Select the scenarios across feature files where some steps belong to given story.

```bash
$ npx cytorus run --story "ABCD-1342"
```

Remember that if any selected scenario is marked as `@only`, or `@skip` then eligible tests will run and rest will be skipped. You can notice this in result.

This is effective only if there are some steps belonging to specified story

```feature
Scenario: some scenario
    Given some condition
    When I perform an action
    Then I se the enable to test further
    #> story: ABCD-1342
    When I perform story specifc action
    Then this ends here
```

## Route (--from, --on, --till-next)

Select the scenarios across feature files where some steps pass through specified route.

```bash
$ npx cytorus run --from "product page"
```

```feature
Scenario: some scenario
    Given some condition
    When I perform an action
    Then I se the enable to test further
    #> route: product page
    When I perform story specifc action
    Then this ends here
```

You should write the handler method in such a way that it enables all the condition to start the tests from particular route.

```js
step("product page", ()=> {});
```

Remember that if any selected scenario is marked as `@only`, or `@skip` then eligible tests will run and rest will be skipped. You can notice this in result.

* **--from**: All the previous steps in the selected scenario will be skipped
* **--on**: All the previous steps in the selected scenario will be skipped. And all the steps which are executing when URL gets changed, will be skipped too.
* **--till-next**: All the previous steps in the selected scenario will be skipped. Steps after one url change will be executing. This is helpful when you have to test further integration.

If you're passing through and marked the same route multiple times in a single scenario then first marked route would be considered.

## Route (--via, --not-via)

Select the scenarios across feature files where some steps pass through specified route or dont pass through specified route.

```bash
$ npx cytorus run --via "product page"
$ npx cytorus run --not-via "product page"
```

[> Next : Project configuration to create test stratgey and more](./6.ProjectConfiguration.md)